## Unreleased

## 1.0.0

* Null safety
* Priority for the next job to process from the queue - when processing requests in serial - has changed from `'$HTTP_JOBS_CREATED_AT_COLUMN ASC, $HTTP_JOBS_ATTEMPTS_COLUMN DESC, $HTTP_JOBS_UPDATED_AT ASC'` to `'$HTTP_JOBS_CREATED_AT_COLUMN ASC'`; this uses the job column introduced in 0.0.7 (26 May 2020) and will not affect any implementations using 0.0.7 or higher.

## 0.1.2

* Add [`mixins.dart`](README.md#mixins) for non essential but still regularly requested features that depend on a specific format of remote data or are useful variations of existing features. `DeleteAllMixin` and `DestructiveLocalSyncFromRemoteMixin` are the first two such mixins.
* Expose `RequestSqliteCache#findRequestInDatabase` for subclass methods. (#111)

## 0.1.1

* Gracefully handle `SocketException` errors when the application is offline
* Call `exists` in `OfflineFirstRepository#get` after the memory provider has already been queried. This method can query the SqliteProvider which is an unnecessary database call when the model exists in the memory provider.
* RequestSqliteCacheManager: access SQLite db safely to [avoid race conditions](https://github.com/tekartik/sqflite/blob/master/sqflite/doc/opening_db.md#prevent-database-locked-issue)
* RequestSqliteCacheManager: refactor database path. This does not change the database's existing path as the use of `getDatabasesPath()` in the implementation was duplicating [default functionality](https://github.com/tekartik/sqflite/tree/master/sqflite#opening-a-database)

## 0.1.0

* **BREAKING CHANGE** One-to-many and many-to-many SQLite associations are no longer stored as JSON-encoded strings (i.e. `[1, 2, 3]` in a varchar column). Join tables are now generated by Brick. To convert existing data, please refer to the [brick_sqlite CHANGELOG notes](https://github.com/greenbits/brick/blob/master/packages/brick_sqlite/CHANGELOG.md#010). If you do not care about existing migration and have not widely distributed your app, simply delete all existing migrations, delete all existing app installs, and run `flutter pub run build_runner build` in your project root.
* Fixes undefined method when calling `hydrate` offline. The remote provider would return null, and SQLite/memory cache would not adequately store results. Instead, when a null response is returned from the remote provider, subsequent provider updates are skipped.
* Adds a configurable option to throw on status codes that are normally swallowed in `OfflineFirstWithRest#upsert` (such as 404, 50x).

## 0.0.7

* Add `reattemptForStatusCode` for `OfflineFirstWithRestRepository#upsert` requests. When the response matches a reattempt code, an exception is not thrown and the instance is returned instead.
* Add `501` to `OfflineQueueHttpClient#reattemptForStatusCode` defaults
* Insert a `created_at` column for the OfflineRequestQueue.
* Fix a bug where an HTTP request would be immediately duplicated. In some race conditions, the interval timer would immediately recreate the request after it was inserted and before the HTTP response was received.
* Bump sqflite to 1.3.0
* **BREAKING CHANGE** Remove StubSqlite from StubOfflineFirst. SQLite should be migrated by the repository and data upserted as it would be within the app. `StubOfflineFirst` is now only concerned with REST responses.
* **BREAKING CHANGE** Remove interval from `OfflineRequestQueue` in favor of declaring it once on `RequestSqliteCacheManager`. To migrate, pass a custom `RequestSqliteCacheManager` with the interval time to the `OfflineFirstWithRestRepository` constructor.
* **BREAKING CHANGE** `StubOfflineFirstWithRest` must be invoked synchronously (in order to run migrations). When setting up stub in testing, call `await StubOfflineFirstWithRest(...).initialize()` or, in a cleaner syntax, `final stub = StubOfflineFirstWithRest(...); await stub.initialize()`. `initialize` will no longer be automatically invoked.

## 0.0.6

* Remove maximumRequests configuration for the OfflineFirstQueue. One request should be processed at a time in serial
* Optionally ignore Tunnel not found requests (these occur when connectivity exists but the queried endpoint is unreachable) when making repository requests
* Adds argument to repository to reattempt requests based on the status code from the response
* `OfflineRequestQueue#process` became a protected method
* Added `RequestSqliteCacheManager` to interact with the queue. This new class receives most static methods from `RequestSqliteCache`.
* Added `OfflineRequestQueue#requestManager` to access queue via a `RequestSqliteCacheManager` instance.
* Renamed `RequestSqliteCache.unprocessedRequests` to `RequestSqliteCacheManager.prepareNextRequestToProcess` as the expected query only returns one locked row at a time.
* `RequestSqliteCacheManager.prepareNextRequestToProcess` locks _all_ unprocessed rows, not just the first one
* Add ability to toggle `serialProcessing` for `OfflineRequestQueue`
* Private member `OfflineFirstWithRestRepository#offlineRequestQueue` is now protected
* Remove `isConnected` member from `OfflineFirstRepository` and associated Connectivity code. The connection should not matter to the subclass as it, or a supporting class, should track outbound requests.

## 0.0.5+1

* Bump dependencies

## 0.0.5

* Rename `Query#params` to `Query#providerArgs`, reflecting the much narrower purpose of the member

## 0.0.2

* Export REST annotations/classes from `OfflineFirstWithRestRepository` for convenient access
* Don't require `MemoryCacheProvider` in `OfflineFirstWithRestRepository` as it's not required for `OfflineFirstRepository`
* Fix linter hints
