## Unreleased

## 0.1.4

* Handle empty conditions when constructing a statement from a `WherePhrase`
* SQL `COUNT(*)` does not work with `OFFSET` clauses; run an inexpensive SELECT query instead in `.exists` to accomodate `OFFSET`

## 0.1.3

* Revise `exists` in SqliteProvider to query with a SQL statement instead of hydrating whole models and associations
* Add `selectStatement` to `QuerySqlTransformer`'s default constructor. When `true,` `statement` will begin `SELECT FROM`; when `false`, `statement` will begin `SELECT COUNT(*)`. Defaults `true`.

## 0.1.2

* When searching with `doesNotContain` apply same fuzzy search `%` that `Compare.contains` enjoys

## 0.1.1

* Bump SQFlite
* Remove `path` as a dependency and rely on SQFlite's default accessors when opening a database
* Mark `SqliteProvider#migrateFromStringToJoinsTable` as deprecated to signal that it should be removed from implementations as soon as possible.
* Support migrations in SQLite >=3.26. 3.26 introduced a [better way to update foreign key associations](https://www.sqlite.org/lang_altertable.html#alter_table_rename) that is accessible in iOS's FMDB. However, since versions prior to [3.26 are used by Android](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/database/sqlite/package-summary), the foreign_keys hack is still necessary to maintain backwards compatibility. Hat tip to this [SO answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4897867/update-foreign-key-references-when-doing-the-sqlite-alter-table-trick#comment98105840_4897867).

## 0.1.0+2

* Ignore when inserting associations

## 0.1.0+1

* Fix SQL query for joins

## 0.1.0

* Add `beforeSave` and `a fterSave` hooks to the `SqliteAdapter`
* **BREAKING CHANGE** One-to-many and many-to-many SQLite associations are no longer stored as JSON-encoded strings (i.e. `[1, 2, 3]` in a varchar column). Join tables are now generated by Brick. To convert existing data, please follow the next steps carefully. If you do not care about existing migration and have not widely distributed your app, simply delete all existing migrations, delete all existing app installs, and run `flutter pub run build_runner build` in your project root.
    1. Run `flutter pub run build_runner build` in your project root.
    1. In the created migration file, remove any `DropColumn` commands from the `up` statements.
    1. Run this **for each DropColumn** after `super.migrate`.
        ```dart
        class MyRepository extends OfflineFirstWithRestRepository {
          @override
          Future<void> migrate() async {
            await super.migrate();
            // TODO update this table with information from the deleted `DropColumn` commands in step 2.
            final joinsTableColumnMigrations = [
              {
                'localTableName': 'User'
                'columnName': 'hats',
                'foreignTableName': 'Hat',
              },
            ];
            for (var entry in joinsTableColumnMigrations) {
              await sqliteProvider.migrateFromStringToJoinsTable(entry['columnName'], entry['localTableName'], entry['foreignTableName']);
            }
          }
        }
        ```
    1. Continue to remove `DropColumn` from generated migrations until you've safely distributed the update.

## 0.0.7

* Add `StubSqlite.queryValueForColumn` to discover the passed argument for a specific column
* Support OR clauses in `StubSqlite`. This publicly exposes `StubSqlite.queryMatchesResponse`.
* Bump `synchronized` and `sqflite` packages to support `reentrant` locks
* #52 Support multiplatform with `sqlite_ffi`
* **BREAKING CHANGE** Remove `StubSqlite`. `sqlite_ffi` is an in-memory instance of SQLite that can be used in unit test environments. `StubSqlite` can introduce edge cases not consistent with a real-world SQLite instance.

## 0.0.6

* Field names should always be used instead of column names in `Query#providerArgs:`
* Boolean responses from `StubSqlite` are converted to 1 and 0. `QuerySqlTransformer` converts input boolean values in queries to 1 or 0 to ensure they're serialized and compared properly in SQLite; this change ensures the other end performs the same conversion
* Add test coverage for `StubSqlite`
* Fixes an edge case in the `QuerySqlTransformer` where overlapping field names were replaced multiple times by the `fieldsToColumns` map, resulting in an improper column names

## 0.0.5

* Rename `Query#params` to `Query#providerArgs`, reflecting the much narrower purpose of the member

## 0.0.2

* Fix linter hints
